it's really aggressive to blast obnoxious entertainment in your guests' faces &amp& they have little recourse
and it's a really big bad thing about it
seriously would pay $30 a flight for seats that didn't have this playing. it's really the only bad thing about flying VA
I flew from NYC to SFO last week and couldn't fully sit in my seat due to two large gentleman on either side of me. HELP!
why are your first fares in May over three times more than other carriers when all seats are available to select???
you guys messed up my seating.. I reserved seating with my friends and you guys gave my seat away ... 😡 I want free internet
status match program.  I applied and it's been three weeks.  Called and emailed with no response.
What happened 2 ur vegan food options?! At least say on ur site so i know I won't be able 2 eat anything for next 6 hrs #fail
amazing to me that we can't get any cold air from the vents. #VX358 #noair #worstflightever #roasted #SFOtoBOS
hi! I just bked a cool birthday trip with you, but i can't add my elevate no. cause i entered my middle name during Flight Booking Problems 😢
help, left expensive headphones on flight 89 IAD to LAX today. Seat 2A. No one answering L&amp&F number at LAX!
awaiting my return phone call, just would prefer to use your online self-service option :(
Your chat support is not working on your site: http://t.co/vhp2GtDWPk
Hey, first time flyer next week - excited! But I'm having a hard time getting my flights added to my Elevate account. Help?
hi! i'm so excited about your $99 LGA-&gt&DAL deal- but i've been trying 2 book since last week &amp& the page never loads. thx!
I called a 3-4 weeks ago about adding 3 flights from 2014 to my Elevate...they still haven't shown up...help!
heyyyy guyyyys.. been trying to get through for an hour. can someone call me please? :/
Hi, Virgin! I'm on hold for 40-50 minutes -- are there any earlier flights from LA to NYC tonight& earlier than 11:50pm?
everything was fine until you lost my bag
your airline is awesome but your lax loft needs to step up its game. $40 for dirty tables and floors? http://t.co/hy0VrfhjHt
what is going on with customer service? Is there anyway to speak to a human asap? Thank you.
why can't you supp the biz traveler like @SouthwestAir  and have customer service like @JetBlue #neverflyvirginforbusiness
you're the best!! Whenever I (begrudgingly) use any other airline I'm delayed and Late Flight :(
I have no interesting flying with you after this. I will Cancelled Flight my next four flights I planned.#neverflyvirginforbusiness
it was a disappointing experience which will be shared with every business traveler I meet. #neverflyvirgin
I’m having trouble adding this flight my wife booked to my Elevate account. Help? http://t.co/pX8hQOKS3R
Why is the site down?  When will it be back up?
I like the TV and interesting video . Just disappointed in Cancelled Flightled flight when other flights went out to jfk on Saturday .
just landed in LAX, an hour after I should of been here. Your no Late Flight bag check is not business travel friendly #nomorevirgin
Is it me, or is your website down?  BTW, your new website isn't a great user experience.  Time for another redesign.
I can't check in or add a bag. Your website isn't working. I've tried both desktop and mobile http://t.co/AvyqdMpi1Y
- Let 2 scanned in passengers leave the plane than told someone to remove their bag from 1st class bin? #uncomfortable
What is your phone number. I can't find who to call about a flight reservation.
is anyone doing anything there today?  Website is useless and no one is answering the phone.
why must a traveler miss a flight to Late Flight check a bag?  I missed my morning appointments and you lost my business. #sfo2lax
how's a direct flight FLL-&gt&SFO have unexpected layover in Vegas 4 fuel yet peeps next to me bought for Vegas flight. #sneaky
your no Late Flight bag check just lost you my business. I missed flight and AM apt. Three other people on flight had same exp.
called your service line and was hung up on. This is awesome. #sarcasm
your site is tripping. I'm trying to check in and I'm getting the plain text version. I am reluctant to enter any card info.
should I be concerned that I am about to fly on a plane that needs to be delayed due to a tech stop?
Use another browser! 2015 &amp& a brand with a reputation built on tech response doesn't have a cross-browser compatible website?
And now the flight Flight Booking Problems site is totally down. Folks, what is the problem?
I like the customer service but a 40 min delay just for connecting passengers seems too long. VA370
i need to change my flight thats scheduled in 9 hours and 120 min wait time on phone. Im calling intern. Help!!
you are failing your customers because your check in process does not link to TSA pre-check.
@FiDiFamilies us too! Terrible airline! Just gave us a hotel hotline number and said sorry
@ChrysiChrysic your assistance yesterday when u Cancelled Flightled our flight was to give us a hotel hotline  Shame on you!
Another delayed flight? #likingyoulessandless
I need to register a service dog for a first class ticket from SFO &gt& Dulles. The phone queue is an hour or longer. Pls advise
why can't we book seats on your flights when we buy them or even during check in? Creates so much anxiety! #frustrated
You'd think paying an extra $100 bucks RT for luggage might afford you hiring an extra hand at @sfo #lame
please provide status for flight 769.  I cant imagine it's on time as the Web indicates  dude to weather here and/or Dallas
I paid the premium to fly you across the country, you Cancelled Flight my flight and offer no check fee or upgrade love? Sad face :(
question: is it not possible to book a seat for an infant under 2? It's not giving me the option but we want a seat for him.
having problems Flight Booking Problems on the web site. keeps giving me an error and to contact by phone.  phone is 30 minute wait.
How do I reschedule my Cancelled Flightled flights online? The change button is greyed out!
I rang, but there is a wait for 35 minutes!! I can book the same ticket through a vendor, fix your site
got a flight (we were told) for 4:50 today..,checked my email and its for 4&50 TOMORROW. This is unacceptable.
our flight into lga was Cancelled Flighted. We're stuck in Dallas. I called to reschedule, told I could get a flight for today...(1/2)
why don't any of the pairings include red wine?! Only white is offered :( #redwineisbetter
is the website down?
- Your site seems a little wonked right now. May want to have a look. Tried on two browsers. No CSS? http://t.co/8qsQMM7KF2
I'm disappointed that the agent at the designated silver status check in line @Dulles_Airport closed to assist all pasengers
Is it normal to receive no reply from Central Baggage #baggageissues #smh
at Logan airport and waiting to checkin for my 9am flight. Checkin desk not open !!!!! Why?!
congrats, you just got all my business from EWR to SFO/LAX. Fuck you fl1289 SFO/EWR was the clincher...
 I applied over 2 weeks ago. Haven't heard back and I'm flying this week #disappointed
- too many apologies! You r the worse airlines! Don't even respond to your cudtomers
shame on VA for making people spend money in stranded cities when other airlines are landing at JFK! Who will reimburse me?
too bad you say it takes 10 to 14 days via YOUR confirmation email. When I inquired after 3 weeks you claim 6 to 8 weeks!
Flight from BOS &gt& LAS tomorrow was Cancelled Flightled. No notification& wait times are 1+ hour. Will you rebook on another airline?
a lot of apologies being thrown out to customers from what I can see.Very sad. Thanks for nothing. Worst airline ever.
 for all my flight stuff wrong and did nothing about it. Had #worst #flight ever
trying to book a flight with you guys and your website won't let me... about to lose my business
Just DM'd. Same issue persisting.
Because we never rec'd Cancelled Flightlation notice we were left w no options to fly out of PS. Driving to LA for a red eye Mon w kids
trying to book a flight &amp& your site is down 😁
You have any flights flying into Boston tomorrow? I need to be home and you Cancelled Flightled my flight and didn't do anything
you stink. Flight Cancelled Flighted from PSP to JFK and no notification or ability to rebook #disappointed.  #expected better
Your website is down and I'm trying to check in!
seats in Row 8 don't recline should mention that on your website #soreback
flight 404 delayed 2 hours in LA due to mechanical problems. Handle like pros but you could have tossed us a free drink.
why Cancelled Flight flights today? No precipitation to be scared of!  ❄️❄️❄️
You guys charged me $100 to reschedule a flight that was then Cancelled Flighted and are now refusing to refund it. What's the deal?
can’t access your website from Safari on iPhone 6. Seems to work on Mac and iPad. Need iPhone to add Passbook.
I was really looking forward to my flight. can you let me know when it will be rescheduled? #diehardvirgin
why Cancelled Flight flight VX413? One sec its delayed, on my to airport, the next its Cancelled Flightled?Gonna email or call me to reschedule?
I did it but there was a problem in the link from the email for check-in. thanks
had to change to another airline to get to DC today ... Why is able to land in DC but not you? Cost me $800 ...ugh
I was so looking forward to my first flight with you today but it was Cancelled Flightled along with the subsequent one ...
 how are you gonna have a deal from Dallas to DC but no deal from DC to Dallas? #sad
hold times at call center are a bit much
Site down? #help
Trying to reset my password, email never arrives. Help?
What is the reason  for the delay of the departure of VX 413 from JFK this afternoon?
is todays flight from Palm Springs, Ca to JFK in NY Cancelled Flightled?
the CSS on your site is a 404 right now, please fix. Site unusable.
We're on flight 910 Vegas to Boston today, checked in online but our bag count didn't register. Can I fix that somehow?
Hi, I'm trying to do check-in but the website is not working. I tried 3 different browsers and the problem continues
- the passenger in 7D, Flt 338 that assaulted me shouldn't have flown. I trust he's banned. Crew filed report to @FAANews
current bug on website shows ‘select departure city’ when selecting destination city http://t.co/SLLYIBE2vQ
luggage was severely dented/missing wheel coming off baggage claim in SAN. Luggage agent Miranda (I think) wasn't any help.
requested window seat and confirmed window but got stuck in middle seat. Not a good way to treat silver member😒
#wtf I paid for direct flight on purpose not to have to stop for fuel exhausted frequent flier and nothing for inconvenience!
there is something wrong with you website in Safari iPhone
Already checked in so the page expired :X
Boo for a not refunding a seat upgrade fee I did not want to buy in the first place!
moved my seat with no notice. Better seat is cabin select not behind the row I selected👎 #DISAPPOINTED
already contacted Central Baggage &amp& sent DM. @RenttheRunway is charging me for the dress that was in the lost suitcase #help
Is there anything going on with the website? I've been getting a lot of errors past 30 minutes.
@VirginAtlantic I have just checked in flight to SFO from LAX &amp& been told as Atlantic Flying Club Gold I get no benefits?!
husband and I ordered three drinks via my screen and they never came. Awesome!
soooo are you guys going to leave the seatbelt light on all flight? You can barely call this turbulence :-)
Funny story, your website is broken, you have missing javascript and stylesheets on the checkin process. I dislike this!
Do you guys know your check-in links from emails are broken? http://t.co/2npXB6oBMr
lost my luggage 4 days ago on flight VX 112 from LAX to IAD &amp& I'm calling every day, no response.Please give me back my stuff
The Flight Booking Problems section of your website seems to be broken on Chrome. Might wanna look into that.
Looks like a broken link for your assets https://t.co/OArDjjGrrD
the manage itinerary section of your website seems to be broken for me https://t.co/2pUJvCElNg
can't check in, your site looks like this every time it loads http://t.co/kAcY2AwDbW
Other carriers are less than half price for a round trip fare. I am stunned. http://t.co/UKdjjijroW
WTF is happening in PDX Late Flight March such that one way from SFO is ~$550?
my luggage is gone. I've filed my paperwork, promised a call/email. Still no resolution or response from central luggage.
I requested a mileage challenge for status several weeks ago online but haven't heard back. How do I get help with this?
Just trying to book tickets to NYC and facing super fun broken styling. Don't worry, I'll keep trying :)
Applied for Status Match on Feb 1. Got confirmation email same day. Still no news though. You guys have dropped ball Late Flightly 😥
trying to check-in...but looks like your site is down?
spending my birthday night with you, DAL-DCA. Get me home!
Sent a couple messages to the email you provided but to no avail. Will try again next year. Cheers.
seriously, though. will there not be direct flights from SFO-FLL in may???
It's fine. Already done with my purchase. But you should try it. Just go most of the way through then go back 3
not really the experience I was hoping 4, I ws forced 2 check in a small carry on, w/ nothing but empty cabin space on board
I spoke with a representative that offered no solution, I am a loyal customer who flies on @VirginAtlantic as well
I am deeply disappointed that your birthday promo was not applied to a trip I booked mere days before I received the email
what happened to direct flights from SFO-FLL? Looking in May, only see connecting #help #dontdothistome
I have 2d and 3d embossed badges and patches superior to the ones you are currently using.
on VX399 from JFK to LA - dirty plane - not up to your standards.
on flight VX399 headed to LA from JFK - dirtiest VA plane I have ever been on. Sad for a great airline.
your Avis rental continue button doesn't work on your website to book car. Tried 4 times on phone.  This sucks!
delayed to10.30!!
currently in minute 10 of being on hold with cust. service. Do I need to do anything to add a lap child to my reservation?
Comenity Bank is a joke!  Please change.  Nothing but constant problems with this bank
I'm pulling my hair out trying to book a flight with u. Your site doesn't work on iPhone or iPad.don't have a computer #help
Can I get some help with a support ticket? It's been 15 days.... Incident: 150202-000419 Thank you!
I cannot even open my laptop in seat 4C and I paid a premium for this?!!   Let me out of here!
I am in seat 4C and I cannot even open my laptop& and I paid extra for this seat!!
FYI the info.com email address you say to contact in password reset emails doesn't exist. Emails bounce.
Status match - 2 weeks have gone by and no news.Flt next week - hope flt will count towards requirement.  Cust Svc no help!!!
your website sucks donkey dicks. Just thought you should know. All best.
all crap channels which is why I pay to watch UK tv
how come you don't have an iPhone app? Still using and making me waste paper.
Your back of seat entertainment system does not accept credit cards that  have an apostrophe in the surname. #apostrophefail
When will VX use all 6 LGA slots instead of 4 today? Adding AUS makes this less likely :(
sad to learn you no longer fly SFO &gt& PHL. Hope it returns!
kinda sucked my earphone jack didn't work on my flight. They may want to look into that for future passengers
Very poor experience. First computer problem now seat malfunction. Stuck. Missing meeting in San Diego.
I tried that. You offered to charge me an additional $1k for a new ticket or be stranded until Thurs. 1st time, last time.
Never had a bad experience before, but this one took the cake. Now extortion for carry on items as well?
Had to spend 5 hours worrying that items in carryon would be broken/stolen since I couldn't carry them on plane or lock bag.
All of group E was told there was no more room in the bins. when I got on the plane, was room for at least 4 bags in my row!
Thanks for making my flight from LAX to JFK a nightmare by forcing me to check my carry on bag at the gate. (1)
I have lots of flights to book and your site it not working!!!! I've been on the phone waiting for over 10 minutes..........
Why is it taking 12 years to fly home to Dallas? Get your shit together.
Man of steel flies to more cities though...and with more frequency too.
started my flight with a scolding for using an overhead bin that was then offered to the person seated next to me.
While other airlines weren't Cancelled Flighting flights into BOS, and helping their customers get home, Virgin was saying Good luck!
Grouping Virgin in with the others now. BOS weather has exposed their actual Cus Serv model. Never Flight Booking Problems with Virgin again!
As one of the travelers affected by the Boston storm, I'm shocked at Virgin's complete apathy toward their customers.
Umm so no reason as to why this is? Is there someone different I should contact (or contact me) to get a definitive answer?
Trying to make the change in advance (not just 24 hours prior)…tried it online earlier and it wanted $300 in change fees.
mood lighting on point🙌 Reclining my seat, kickin up my feet💤
my flight (6000) scheduled for 1pm departure still says on time but no plane at gate. Any update on how long of a delay?
my group got their Cancelled Flightlation fees waived but I can't because my ticket is booked for 2/18? Your reps were no help either 😡
still no refund or word via DM. Please resolve this issue as your Cancelled Flightled flight was useless to my assistant's trip.
Delayed due to lack of crew and now delayed again because there's a long line for deicing... Still need to improve service #united
Your ERI-ORD express connections are hugely popular .. now if only we could have an ERI-EWR hop! :)
you think you boarded flight AU1066 too early? I think so.
Gate agent hooked me up with alternate flights. If you have a way to PREVENT the constant issues, that would rock.
is the worst. Nonrefundable First class tickets? Oh because when you select Global/FC their system auto selects economy w/upgrade.
@CheerTymeDad So I can buy tix 3 days before flight but can't transfer the tix.  Flawed security logic. Flawed customer service
I did start a claim but 8-10 weeks is unrealistic, am I really supposed to go that long with out a car seat for my child.Ridiculous!
if the car seat is lost should just reimburse me for a new one, this is not a pair of shoes, it's a necessity for my child
@highbuddyyy that totally sucks my cousin worked at PHL said @united
beginning of Feb I called United they said they would send another voucher by mail. Never got anything. #tiredofwaiting
the internet is a great thing.  I am emailing executives in your company, maybe they will respond to me in a timely manner.
I flew back w other company since United didnt have an earlier flight
I am trying to book awards for September and need flights on @aegeanairlines but they will not show even w/ many award seats availab
I sure did.   I had to drive a total of 3 hours to get my own bag.  I'd like to explain that debacle but no one wants to talk to me.
See? We were told repeatedly that the pilot was Late Flight and kept getting Late Flightr.  After we boarded, there was a defibrillator issue.
why no preferred security line anymore. My TSA pre-check didn't pull on my @SilverAirways partner flight! #Platinum #spoiled
#Newarkliberty Airport need to indicate different gate#'s for terminals A&amp&C. #Flyingainteasy
yes please! I am newly married and trying to update my last name on a preexisting international flight! It seems so easy, but...
How does United refuse to reissue a $400 lost voucher when their plane didn't take off due to mechanics? #badcustomerservice
also during the run I was instructed to do, I shattered my computer. http://t.co/oAflfr7WXB
yes, we've been with the agents for the last 50 minutes. One of the agents have been very rude, but thankfully Ladan has been nice.
iah to charlotte. Baggage claim rep latrice h. #customerservice non existent, Ignored customer then inappropriately touched customer
@UCtraveladvisor - I would have loved to respond to your website until I saw the really long form. In business the new seats are bad
A refund and flight vouchers or another flight on a different airline at your expense for today. 8 hour drive is very inconvenient
then why have I not received my call back its been 3 days...it's an infant car seat how am I supposed to go anywhere with my child
well sitting on the ground 'on time' but waiting for a gate....again #tiredofthis
No, I need you guys to not over book planes. It's not a concern, I'll just travel with someone else moving forward.
A measly $50 e-certificate is not how you appreciate loyal customers after they wait 3hrs on the tarmac during UA1116. #unacceptable
When will email address/username sign-on be available? It's been a while.
rude rude
- Why can't I get a boarding pass for my Austrian Airlines codeshare flight. Rebook incls a 6 hour layover &amp& I am stuck outside sec
@united. ..I received on other flights. #united  truly breaks guitars. #unitedbreaksguitars #wantmymoneyback
just flew to #TelAviv paid $100 from a third suitcase which didn't even make it on the plane! Besides for the impolite service...
 My bag is still in Colo Springs. I am disabled and have to search an unfamiliar airport and look for my bag. Not a good outcome
Shame that there's no flex to tickets transfer rules.  Even calling from Neurosurgery ICU isn't enough!
No. Denver said they don't handle baggage that made it to Colo. Springs.  They gave me an 800 number to call. No help there either.
you guys need some serious training in customer service. Too many better options to put up with the way you guys handle ur mistakes
once he found out we had a problem he avoided me like the plague. Was told we can't find a supervisor.
ZCC82U Cancelled Flight flight 16h in advance??? Need connect flight reschedule so the link isn't helping. Help!? Gf waited months to see me.
I will not be flying you again
in addition, my first flight was delayed an hour and I'm arriving at my destination 8 hrs Late Flight.
our travel booked thru United group dept. Okc ticket agent less than willing to help with our connection in LAX.
v upset with your disability  services. When I told one of your employees I was carrying medical equipment she was very rude.
thnx for quick reply but don't think you can assist. Our intl grp will be put to considerable inconvenience today.
wont transfer flight ticket to accompany an 11 yr old who's active military mom had to have emergency brain surgery? WOW!!
@getmeontop 7 WEEKS Late FlightR AND I STILL HAVE NOT RECEIVED MY MILES FROM THE MileagePlus Gift Card $150 STARBUCKS CARD I HANDED OVER!!!
as a 1k, I'm always hoping for improvement.
not yet. I complained about the guy who checked my luggage in as he was throwing the bags around. Unfortunate coincidence I hope?
OKC ticket agent Roger McLarren(sp?) LESS than helpful with our Intl group travel problems Can't find a supervisor for help.
mobile apps need construction from the ground up for each OS category.  It's expensive to get right .
another fail for the United ticket agents in OKC. LESS than helpful and could care less about our problems. American here we come.
I just sent an email to Customer Care, telling them I may have to break up with you 😢. I sincerely hope they can help me!!
silly I'm flying delta today. Your united club staff and attendants are surly and unhelpful and always seem bothered by pesky folk
What is your phone number. I can't find who to call about a flight reservation.
well, you can't fix me missing my buddies 30th bday because of negligence but you can attempt to make up for it.
why am I to believe they will help when customer service couldn't? Like I said, I want a number to someone who can fix what you did.
they helped me at the baggage service desk.  Said bc TSA screening was down in FLL not all bags made it but bag will be in EWR @ 12
Mobile boarding pass disappeared from phone while standing in line to board. Second time this week... Hmm.
Had to explain to a very over eager flight attendant trying to ask about my vision that my @ccicanine was not a guide dog!
what's the point of asking for details about a #servicedog when you book if your flight crew doesn't read them? (Continued)
I tried but no one was available in bogota and everyone was rude in Houston. I was stuck for 35 hours because of you guys
#worst2unitedflightsever UA 236 LAS to IAD 2/24 mechanical problems again - took off - had to land for fix - delayed again #wtfodds!
@United. What's going on with UA 236?  outbound flight last thurs was delayed 4hrs How long will this delay be? #worst2unitedflightsever
#worst2unitedflightsever UA1429 IAD to LAS 2/19 mechanical problems - switched aircraft delayed 3.5 hours!
crashed trying to check in.
on 768 to Logan - boarding gong show due to lax carry on enforcement. Bins full of coats = no room for bags. U need a better system!
Blackmailed me into paying £130 extra or having my return ticket nullified in San Francisco Airport. Terrible service from rep #scam
disappointed that u didnt honor my $100 credit given to me for ur mistakes. Taking my business elsewhere  ✌️out.
ua1673 still waiting! Supposed to depart 9:08
it was credit from my last trip that never came in the mail!
ok it's now been 7 months waiting to hear from airline. I gave them quite a bit more than the 30 days requested! Terrible service
does this process ever end? Still waiting for the reply since 2 months #pathetic #customerservice
What's going on with your website? I'm Flight Booking Problems three tickets today and I've been booted off the system umpteen times.
how do I get my account number if your website says email is unavailable?
I received 1 bag last night, I am still missing the other one.
@simonroesner you'll need to upgrade the seats too, even in economy plus it's like sitting on a concrete bench.
2nd flight also delayed no pilots! But they boarded is so we can just sit here! #scheduling
but it's hard to stay upset at someone when they at least TRY to show remorse.
By the way, a simple apology goes a long way, even if it's a hollow one. It's obvious that you don't care about me or my well-being,
This isn't a one time thing either! It's a shocking pattern of repeated neglect and disrespect.
Fingers crossed &amp& its all intact. Very disappointed with this experience as before this we were actually saying we enjoyed using you
It's an incredibly easy fix, but you would rather stay in your comfort zone, while I get forced out of mine.
ours in July. You have ZERO excuses for this. You have an out-of-date system that causes problems like this.
Everyone around us is sitting with their friends and family members. They booked their tickets in October and December. We bought
Not sure what you are talking about. She is going on nonstop flights. SNA to SFO and then SFO to EWR.
.it will be because I'm moving to @AmericanAir because of talk, no service
I asked a legitimate question about systemwide vs. localized problems, and got back an unreLate Flightd copy/paste. You can do better.
what time? Who can I call. I need my skis. I will go to the airport and get them. No more faith in United.
I see you guys are at it again. Amazing how one company continually makes mistakes yet fails to be held accountable for their error
Yeah sorry but there's always a problem with United. And you have an international reputation for having problems.
but then again, maybe the @BBBNE_SD_KS_IA would care more to hear what went on than whoever listens to issues you caused
I wonder if sharing all this on FB and insta would produce a number. 140 characters really limits my story telling.
so you're telling me there is no number to call after being left in an airport because of a negligent pilot and staff?
Could this email be resent as it doesnt appear to have arrived.
you have to follow me in order for me to DM...come on now
$25 United coupon to make up for broken entertainment system on a 9-hour flight, seriously? #Ridiculousness #learncustomerservice
So they didn't drop my bag overnight &amp& now I'm leaving for a week. This is why you were supposed to hold on to the bag....
I did DM the details but still no response. I have to book today.
not able to DM you my confirmation number
I've sent the message, let me know if you got it. I'm not very twitter-literate. Also, is he REALLY going to be stuck for 18hrs?
very unhappy at no response to complaint emailed on 2nd Feb ref.8441639. Awful customer service!
we were not given the option of using our United TravelBank in a recent Flight Booking Problems! Any help in using or recouping these funds? Thanks!
common!! keep your paper work ready and don't delay our flights(#1585)and meetings @ChooseChicago
yep that's correct, I got an email at 12:30 am that the flight was Cancelled Flightled, doesn't matter now flight into atl is delayed, thx
1k and had problem getting out of FLL to IAH  sent DM to you about making my connection  please let me know
I'm grounded in Montreal with ua3659. I am missing my connection ua3417 to St. Louis. Can you help,Do you have a private jet for me?
I'm so frustrated and nervous because of this.
are the ones who make it difficult for me.
I'm not a child. I'm someone who has an issue with flying and prepares ahead of time to reduce the distress caused by planes. You
how does it get Cancelled Flightled 10 hours before take off?
This ALWAYS happens with you guys, and it makes traveling incredibly stressful and uncomfortable. Is that good business to you?
So what does someone with severe anxiety do when the one person who can help him isn't next to him?
I'm seeking to go 2 client. B/c u cant get me there I need refund. I filled out form not confident it works if past is an indication
Luckily I made my flights this time but was so disappointed with the lack of communication :(
checking to see why flight 3466 (atl-ord) got Cancelled Flighted?
service so far has been horrid. We wanted to end the trip on a high note. Guess that's not an option.
Booked a flight home over 7 months ago and requested seats together for my fiancée and I. We got 2 middle seats. UNACCEPTABLE. The
Why do I have to pay $ 17 for wifi with an international business ticket?  #pennypincher
ok. To top things off, you've lost my luggage. Could you get ANY worse??? #UnitedAirlines
AND my luggage has been broken!! #youcouldntmakethis up #brokenwheel
maybe one day you'll be the one quoted on http://t.co/mJkpgVXmPC
flight delayed-no one remembered to turn the heat on flight 559 leaving ORD-seriously???
to speak to a real person to get this resolved politely and efficiently. (2/2)
I hadn't filed a refund claim as I was told there was no charge by your DM. This is disputed by my bank, hence why I would like(1/2)
did  bags make it on the flight out of iad? second day without clothes is pretty inconvenient. We're pretty curious #UnitedAirlines
hence why I've been asking for the customer service phone number so I can speak to a real person to get this sorted out